as we clamor back onto the main track we
walk straight into this out in the open
world slowly my first close encounter
and it's with a man himself
Rutina the way way way down and if we're
on the trail stay on the edge if they
see us in the open they're a lot more
nervous if you move really fast okay
okay so we just go slowly
Regina is the boss and he's the daddy
two three bundles of black paw pooch
[Music]
they play keeps watch so let's meet some
of the clan in addition to Chooch
Thursday and happy the smallness tandem
roomiest members of the group there's
also some older juveniles who haven't
left home yet and here's one of Richie
those six females wives if you like all
gather together in a happy picnic
atmosphere while the precious babies are
at the part of the family hanging out on
the sidelines are several black backs
teenage males that are apt to cause
trouble like baby tutus 15 year old
brother marimbo
he's the one in front Rocinha here a
large confident black back he greets
Regina with respect but is still keen to
strut his stuff
his main rival is another black bag 14
year old ba ba although smaller has got
bags of attitude there's definite
tension between these two
looks like my rainbows itching for a
fight and charges towards behavior these
is having none of it and sees him off
these young males are pretenders to
Regina's throne and pumping the
testosterone piezas especially hot
blooded and Martha doesn't want to
encourage contact with us
[Music]
move back
he's escorting tinder a pregnancy now
and Martha gives gorilla grunts to
comment as he passes meanwhile the kids
play on completely carefree they know
their daddy is close by the silverback
is the ultimate protector of the group
and everything about Regina's powerful
presence underlines that fact
with the way now clear little Chooch
jumps onto his mum's back and they
follow Regina back into the forest
you